Here we have done some recognition of Devanagari digits or you can say Marathi digits by using COnvolutional Neural Network.
we are using 4 csv files present in the data folder,x_train,y_train.x_test,y_test respectively. All these files contains pixel values of the images we are going to use in this project. 
Now basically its a concept of Deep Learning,
then what is Deep Learning? Big question.....

so basically Deep Learning is the structure of Neural Network which goes deep and deep for getting what it wants.
In other words, Deep Learning is that kind of structure which contains multiple layer throuh which data will pass after processing.
This structure of layers is derived from our brain structure. There is one thing in our brain which is called as Neuron who takes data,process data and then forwards data.

Scientist studied that and try to make a neural network for machines and let them work of their own.
Thats how ANN i.e. Artificial Neural Network was born. 

In our project we are using CNN i.e. Convolutional Neural Network, which is other version or modified version of Feed Forward Network.
Convolutional Neural Network is maded up of three Layers(actually there are four but main are only these three) which are
1.Convolutional Layer
2.Pooling Layer
3.Fully Connected layer

these are the layers of our CNN model , and our whole model have total 3 layers, Input layer,Hidden Layer and Output layer. 
You can consider CNN in the hidden layer part. Because thats where actual work gets done.

Input layer takes the images and transfers it to first layer of CNN i.e Convolutional Layer where whole image's pixel values get multiplied with 
our kernal filter values which is also called as Feature Map. these pixel values in Filter are those values which model extracted from images
we provided during training phase.
In simple words this contains the important info of image like angles,curves,circle etc. after that it produces a new table of values obtained from multiplication
Filters can be of different sizes like 3x3,4x4,5x5 depends on you. So consider you have image of 5x5 pixel and 
if you take 3x3 filter then it will first get multiplied with 3x3 matrix in that image then it slide to next 3x3 matrix in images,
after doing all this it will produce a 3x3 matrix which will contain average of the operation done of image.

in simple words your image will get divided in number of images, means you are breaking on image into many which have more focused info
Then this info passes to the next layer that is Pooling layer, but before that after convolutiona layer we use activation function like Relu 
to soften the image. There are multiple activation functions present in Machine Learning but most users uses Relu i.e. Rectified Linear Unit.
So what does this relu do? interesting question huh..
In relu everything which is less than 0 lets say -1 is 0. means in the matrix formed after convolutional layer , if there is any -ve value then 
relu translates it to 0 and if you have +ve values then itwill remain as it is.

then this adjusted matrix is sent to Pooling layer, 
now Pooling layer have different types of pools like MaxPool,avgPool,etc
in MaxPooling maximum values is get selected from entire 3x3 matrix...for ex, after 1st layer you have lets say 9 matrix, each with defferent values, 
so in maxpooling a matrix will get formed with max value in each matrix.
and in avgpooling average of matrix will get stored in.
and that matrix will get transfered to FullyConnected layer which all features gets combined to produce final reult that is classifying the object,in our case digits.
The final result get transfered to Output layer which shows us the result of our model means it identifies the digit currectly or not.
